feat: github magic a (#581)
FrancescoXX/4c-site: docs/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

  advances of any kind
- Trolling, insulting or derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks
- Public or private harassment

> - Publishing others" private information, such as a physical or email

Author: ```suggestion
- Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or email
```

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the [Contributor Covenant][homepage],
version 2.0, available at
[contributor-covenant.org/version/2/0/code_of_conduct.html](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/0/code_of_conduct.html).

> Community Impact Guidelines were inspired by [Mozilla"s code of conduct

Author: ```suggestion
Community Impact Guidelines were inspired by [Mozilla's code of conduct
```
